add the merge burst insar products section in the burst_insar_product_guide.md (#413)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-docs: docs/guides/burst_insar_product_guide.md

3.	Apply the Goldstein-Werner power spectral filter with a dampening factor of 0.5.
4.	Unwrap the wrapped phase interferogram using [SNAPHU](http://web.stanford.edu/group/radar/softwareandlinks/sw/snaphu/){target=_blank}'s minimum cost flow (MCF) unwrapping algorithm to produce the unwrapped phase interferogram.
5.	Geocode the output products.

As mentioned above, this workflow uses underlying ISCE2 functionality to perform these steps so the results of this workflow should be identical to the results obtained by performing a standard multi-burst ISCE2 InSAR run (assuming that the Enhanced Spectral Diversity technique is not used for co-registration).

#### Merge Processing Options

The processing options available for the merging are the same as those available for standard Burst InSAR products. Check out the [Processing Options](#processing-options "Jump to the Processing Options section of this document") section for more details.

To learn about the command line argument syntax for this workflow, look at the help documentation using:
```bash
python -m hyp3_isce2 ++process merge_tops_bursts --help
```

#### Product Packaging

> The product packaging of merged burst InSAR products follows the same conventions outlined in [Product Packaging](#product-packaging "Jump to the Product Packaging section of this document") section above with two exceptions. First, the four range-doppler images are not included since the products have already been merged. Second, the product is modified slightly; the Burst ID is swapped for the zero-padded relative orbit number, and the swath number are removed. The resulting format is:

Reviewer: Should `the swath number are` be `the swath number is`?

Reviewer 2: Yep, changing. Thanks!

```
S1_rrr__yyymmdd_yyymmdd_pp_INTn_uuuu

> ```

Author: Do we need to list the file names in the merge product as a table and also give the example filenames just like in Table 2 ?

Reviewer 2: @cirrusasf I can see the logic in this, but I don't think we should. Adding a second table would add a ton of duplication to the product guide and I think we're better off just referencing the product packaging section like we've done here.

*Table 4: List of InSAR parameters included in the parameter text file*

### Merge Sentinel-1 Burst InSAR Products

Burst InSAR products created using the insar_tops_burst workflow can be merged together using the merge_tops_burst workflow. This can be useful when the deformation signal you'd like to observe spans multiple bursts. Suppose users have already installed the [hyp3-isce2 plugin]( https://github.com/ASFHyP3/hyp3-isce2 "HyP3-ISCE2 Plugin" ){target=_blank} on their local machine, merge can be done using the following syntax:

python -m hyp3_isce2 ++process merge_tops_bursts PATH_TO_UNZIPPED_PRODUCTS --apply-water-mask True

Where PATH_TO_UNZIPPED_PRODUCTS is the path to a directory containing unzipped burst InSAR products. For example:

PATH_TO_UNZIPPED_PRODUCTS

├─ S1_136232_IW2_20200604_20200616_VV_INT80_663F

├─ S1_136231_IW2_20200604_20200616_VV_INT80_529D

In order to be merging eligible, all burst products must:

Have the same reference and secondary dates
Have the same polarization
Have the same multilooking
Be from the same relative orbit
Be contiguous

The workflow should through an error if any of these conditions are not met.

> Merging burst InSAR products requires extra data that is not contained in the production HyP3 Burst InSAR products. For the time being, to be merging eligible burst products must be created locally using your own installation of hyp3-isce2 from the merge_bursts branch of this repository!

Reviewer: Here, it would also be helpful to explain which data are required but not automatically included, so that users can go ahead and generate as needed

> As mentioned above this feature is under active development, so we welcome any feedback you have!

Reviewer: Have we directed users to where they can contact us? (Ie gitter, email, opening issues?) It would be great to link this section if it's available! If we don't have it yet, it might be nice to put a blurb as to where/how they can contact us

Options

> To learn about the arguments for each workflow, look at the help documentation (python -m hyp3_isce2 ++process [WORKFLOW_NAME] --help).

Reviewer: I don't quite understand where this fits in with the following sections. What does 'each workflow' refer to? 
```suggestion
To learn about the arguments for each workflow, look at the help documentation (`python -m hyp3_isce2 ++process [WORKFLOW_NAME] --help`).
```

> Looks Option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Looks Option
```
Is this a sub-section? I'm a bit confused if this is a title or supposed to be like a bullet point?

> When ordering Sentinel-1 Burst InSAR On Demand products, users can choose the number of looks (--looks) to use in processing, which drives the resolution and pixel spacing of the output products. The available options are 20x4, 10x2, or 5x1. The first number indicates the number of looks in range, the second is the number of looks in azimuth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When ordering Sentinel-1 Burst InSAR On Demand products, users can choose the number of looks (`--looks`) to use in processing, which drives the resolution and pixel spacing of the output products. The available options are `20x4`, `10x2`, or `5x1`. The first number indicates the number of looks in range, and the second number indicates the number of looks in azimuth.
```

Reviewer: Specify the default value (if no `--looks` is specified by user)

The output product pixel spacing depends on the number of looks in azimuth: pixel spacing = 20 * azimuth looks

> Products with 20x4 looks have a pixel spacing of 80 m, those with 10x2 looks have a pixel spacing of 40 m, and those with 5x1 looks have a pixel spacing of 20 m.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Products with `20x4` looks have a pixel spacing of 80 m, those with `10x2` looks have a pixel spacing of 40 m, and those with `5x1` looks have a pixel spacing of 20 m.
```

Reviewer: Could this also be expressed as a table? for example: 

| Looks | Pixel Spacing |
| --- | --- |
| `20x4` | 80 m |
| `10x2` | 40 m | 
| `5x1` | 20 m |

> Water Mask Option

Reviewer: Same here regarding sub section. Should this be 
```suggestion
#### Water Mask Option
```

> There is always a water mask geotiff file included in the product package, but setting the apply-water-mask (--apply-water-mask) option to True will apply the mask to the wrapped interferogram prior to phase unwrapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Burst InSAR product package includes a water mask geotiff file but setting the apply-water-mask (`--apply-water-mask`) option to `True` will apply the mask to the wrapped interferogram prior to phase unwrapping.
```
